Don't look at me like that. I'm not the one who did something wrong.
Fine. You came here for revenge. What do you want then? Just tell me what you want so you can go away.
What I want. What I want is for you to satisfy me.
Excuse me? You don't want to. You're carrying someone else's baby. What's the big deal of asking them with me?
You know that I'm pregnant and you want me to satisfy you.
It's not enough to torture me. You have to torture my unborn baby too.
Is it the baby that you care about? Or is it the father?
You don't know anything. You're insane.
And I'm going to torment you until I feel you've had enough.
And if your baby gets caught in the crossfire, so be it.
Fuck you. You can hurt me all you want, but you can't harm my unborn child.
Regret it. It's just a bastard. It doesn't deserve any.
Stop calling him that. You don't know anything.
You don't know who the father is. That makes it a bastard and you a whore.
Fuck you, Damien. I pray every night that this baby doesn't find out that you're it's...
every night that this baby doesn't find out that you're it's...
I'm fine. I'll be out in a second.
Have you been? I saw you two sneak off earlier.
You're going to refrain from washing that hand for the next month?
You talked too much. I thought you loved it.
Tell me what I need to know about dealing with the prank.
Oh. You two are taking it to the next level.
No. I can't control my emotions when I'm around her. I think I scared her today.
I don't actually want any harm to come to her or a baby.
You act tough, but you care too much.
You forgot to say it's a man. Control yourself. You're probably already blew it.
I heard she's not even joining us for the LS training tomorrow.
Thanks for staying over, Sonny.
How could Damien do that to you?
He hates me.
I heard him. I betrayed him.
And I have to suffer the consequences.
Don't say that.
I remember not too long ago you two were madly in love with each other.
I know you had your reason.
Or you're still in love with him?
Why don't you just tell him the truth?
He wouldn't believe me.
Besides, he's a girlfriend now.
I shouldn't disrupt his life just so he can stop hating me.
At least you don't have to go to LS training anymore.
Just try to avoid him at the airport as much as possible.
I will.
Lucky, come quick.
Damien is in rat's office and it is not looking good.
Damien? What is he doing here?
He says he's here for you.
From me.
Yeah, you.
Either I'm taking her or you're getting a violation penalty.
Okay, I won't let you take Lucky.
Our spectra wishes even if it costs me everything.
Fine. Suit yourself then.
Our lawyers will reach out.
Now what penalty? What lawyer?
What's going on?
Now what penalty? What lawyer? What's going on?
Don't worry about it Lucky. I've got it handled.
Okay, your happiness is all that matters.
Mr. Keller, drop the act.
It's just the violation penalty. It's not the end of the world.
It'll see you in court.
If he won't tell me what's going on, then you tell me.
It's simple.
Your boss here is trying to replace someone for LS training.
So LS Airlines will sue RK Airlines for $10 million for breach of contract.
$10 million?
Yes, your boss is willing to pay $10 million just to keep you happy.
Touching it.
Brad, when I asked you to replace me, you didn't tell me about the penalty.
It's not a big deal.
Yes, it is. $10 million is a huge deal.
No, no. I had our legal team increase it.
Originally, it was only $30,000.
Why?
Because I want to keep you close to torment you.
Now, it's your choice.
Either come with me or your boss pays $10 million for your stubbornness.
I'll go with you.
Lucky is tomorrow's training materials. Read it all by tonight.
Dad and the man hasn't spoken to me since I went back to LS with him.
What is he want from me?
You have a girlfriend now.
Why can't you just both let us move on?
Those are my initials.
Could it be?
No, lucky.
Be realistic. He hates you.
He wouldn't need his company after you.
Lucretia, I once told you I would make sure the whole world would know your name one day.
Today marks your first official day of training.
I figured no better way to start off than running through some hypotheticals.
Let's say a passenger falls ill on your flight.
How would you handle it?
Cold sweat, rapid chest movement, heavy breathing. It's clearly a heart attack.
The priority would be to lay him flat and perform CPR to stabilize the breathing.
Well, let's see how you perform CPR.
Oh my god, I'd rather die and do melt to my phillium.
Yeah, that's a lot.
Safin, are you doing this on purpose?
Anything could happen on the flight.
If you can handle this, I would suggest that you quit before we finish the training.
No, you're right. I'll do it.
Wait, you may continue.
What are you doing? I'm trying to train them.
Our analysis was spot on.
Now, we need to test our CPR skills.
I will supervise to ensure fairness.
But again, Lucretia, delaying treatment only makes me doubt in professionalism.
Did it too slow?
Do it again, like I do.
He's unbearable. This isn't CPR. He's kissing me on purpose.
Why? Is this part of his revenge?
Not bad. Again.
God, I should have volunteered. I could be kissing the CEO right now.
So jealous.
Listen, Green, he's quite meticulous.
That's probably why he made you do CPR so much. Don't take it to heart.
Meticulous. It's clearly getting revenge.
Mr. Green is quite the catch, but I'm sure you've heard the rumors.
And he's more of a love than leave them kind of type.
You wouldn't fall in love with him, would you?
But I'm sure you've heard the rumors.
And he's more of a love than leave them kind of type.
You wouldn't fall in love with him, would you?
Well, let's not talk about him. What brings you by?
Oh, I, well, I just wanted to, you know, check in on the training.
And, well, I brought you some avocados.
I know that you've been eating them so much lately.
Oh, I had that so thoughtful.
Yeah, I remember you hated them as a kid.
So, how did that change?
Avocados are good for the baby's brain development, but my surrogacy isn't something I want to share with Rad.
To oily, she prefers things that are lighter, sweeter.
How would you know her preferences?
She didn't tell you? I'm her ex.
I thought you said exes and not together.
Also, you're hurting her.
Feeling protective.
As far as I'm concerned, you're just her boss.
You have no say in her personal affairs.
Oh, yeah?
Lucky and I have known each other since we were kids, okay?
She trusts what I have to say.
You never cease to surprise me. Come with me.
I said let her go.
Damien.
Childhood friends?
You sure know how to keep things interesting?
That was in the past. We moved away. We lost touch.
Enough.
I don't want to hear him.
What?
You seemed pretty into it during training.
That was an emergency response.
Yeah, it smelled just like you used to.
Damien, I never agreed to sleep with you. Remember?
I've changed my mind. You don't have to agree anymore.
What you want and don't want is a fairy.
Because I know what I want.
In your dreams, Damien Green.
See? Can't resist me.
I'm pregnant, Damien. My hormones are out of control, right?
It's just lost. Nothing.
Fine. Lost is lost, but one way or another, you'll end up in my bed, lucky.
That'll never.
Oh? Because of your excellent performance, a less training program.
I'm promoting you, an assistant trainer. You report to me, daily.
Daily?
Yes. And every day.
I cannot take it anymore. They kissed every one.
Sandra, don't worry. Don't cry no matter what.
Read your daughter-in-law, our family recognizes.
It's the use.
I've tried to get his attention for years.
He still only has eyes for her.
That doesn't matter. Remember?
We already used Damien's donated sample to get you pregnant.
I'm sorry. The sample was mixed up.
I, uh... I can help you terminate the pregnancy quietly.
Fucking serious. Who has Damien's sample then?
I've already made mistakes from my mother's dialysis.
I can't make another mistake and let anything happen to myself.
I don't know. I only handled your injection and nothing else.
Do you want to terminate the pregnancy?
If I lose this baby, Damien will never marry me.
You will tell everyone that this baby is Damien Grace.
Correct? If we don't tell Damien about this baby soon, we will lose him to that woman.
It's my fault. I plan to announce it next month at my birthday swari, but it seems like we can't wait.
You old hag at the Insemination. Was it arranged by you?
I had told Damien about the baby in long time ago.
Don't worry. Once I announce the baby, he'll forget all about her.
Didn't you already pay them back? Why are they asking for more money?
They said they're still interest.
Dad, how could you let this happen again?
I know I haven't been a good father.
I only have you. If you don't help me, they're gonna kill me.
Then let them kill you.
You think you can seduce my son again, you tramp?
Mrs. Green, what are you doing here? I'm just working.
Still denying it. I ought to beat the truth right out of you.
Mrs. Green, you're Damien's mother, and I respect that.
But if this happens again, I won't be so polite.
Oh, oh. Growing a backbone, aren't we?
Aren't you afraid of what my son will say?
Bitch. Don't forget whose territory you're on.
It's a little late to be acting brave.
I've done nothing wrong.
Security, get her out of my sight.
What are you doing? We're moving the trash.
From over from the premises immediately, I'll be responsible for any issues that arise.
Let her go.
Oh, Damien, you're just in time. This woman's disrespecting me.
She has to go. Before you got here, she was hitting your mother.
No, I wasn't.
I heard everything. You two were practically terrorizing her.
Damien, it's not true. She grabbed me so hard. Look how red my wrist is.
She was so aggressive. Thank goodness security was nearby.
Enough. Mother, stop lying.
Damien, you need to decide. It's either her or me.
I will not let her go. She is an assistant trainer at LS's training program.
And if I catch you near her again, it'll be you who's escorted off.
Damien, you're defending her in front of Zandra. Do you even care about your fiancé?
Mother, how many times do I have to tell you that Zandra's not my fiancé?
And I will never marry her.
What? They're not in a relationship?
But Zandra is having your baby. But Zandra is having your baby.
What are you talking about? I've never touched her.
And I have to. We use your donated sperm for artificial insemination. She's carrying your baby.
That was for research purposes. How could you do this?
Oh my god. The mix-up was with Zandra?
Give up your future form.
I need to tell Damien that Zandra isn't carrying his baby.
If Lucky was carrying your baby, would she be hesitating to marry her too?
Did that hit a nerve? I'm sorry. Have you forgotten how that slut hurt you?
She doesn't deserve to carry my child.
If Lucky were having my baby, it would be a disgrace. I would separate them and make their lives a living out.
He sees you carrying his child as a disgrace?
How can you see that?
I don't know. He's changed so much. I can't let him know that this baby is his.
Well, if Zandra isn't his girlfriend anymore, then are you going to tell him that the baby she's carrying isn't his?
If I tell him, he'll find out that I'm carrying his child. Damien is a lot of things, but he's not an idiot.
He'll find out whether or not Zandra is carrying his baby.
Thank you, Doctor. You will be rewarded. This is the address of the woman I spoke to you about.
You'll ruin her. And the 30 grand is yours. Once our reputation is ruined, that you'll come back to us.
Who is this? Damien? It's after ours. I'm not your slave.
You're my personal assistant, so assist me whenever I need you.
Not even with the gun to my head, Damien. I don't care about you. He didn't even ask if I wanted to go.
He's your assistant. Oh, I don't want you to come get me. I want you to go to hell.
He didn't really come. Damien, you can't just... who are you?
Not a few missiles. Not answering my calls. Not answering my texts. God, you really hate me that much.
You're pretty well. Your pictures are going to get a lot of likes.
Please, let me go. I can give you money. I don't want money. I want you. I want I'm done with you.
I'm going to take some nice photos of you and put them on the internet. How is that? Sounds like a car.
Help! Somebody help me!
Get the fuck out of me. I already called the cops.
I don't know, maybe a burglar. Called the cops. Why are you here alone? Where's your dad?
He doesn't need to know about my dad's mess. He's retired. He lives in the country beside now.
Thank you for saving me. Why are you here?
Me, so...
No. Why did you drive all the way up?
They come and see you without a reason. Can't I come and see you without a reason?
Damien, there is nothing going on between us that needs a private discussion.
You may not have anything to say, but I do.
Fine. And see what you need to say and leave.
Listen, I didn't know about Sandra's pregnancy and I never wanted it. I will never marry her.
Who's carrying your baby? Would you be hesitating to marry her too?
If lucky we're having my baby, it would be a disgrace. I would separate them and make their lives a living home.
That's none of my business.
Of course it is. You're the only woman I've ever married. The only woman we'll ever have one.
I didn't agree to either of those things.
I know what you're thinking. I will take care of you and your baby.
He sees his child as a disgrace, but will accept someone else's.
He just wants to torture me, bastard.
Get out. I want to see your face for another minute. What do you mean? Why did you have to get back at me like this?
Well, woman, I have given her so much. What more could she want?
Well, buddy, did you do something to upset her?
No, I tried to make it obvious that I was trying to make things right. Couldn't she feel that?
Why don't you just tell her you still love her?
No way. She misunderstood me. She should be the one to apologize to me.
Oh, you're afraid she's going to reject you.
I am not afraid of anything.
Okay. You want someone else to take her? I didn't think so.
Lucky. I heard from Sonny Leslie. Were you again? Were you alright?
Don't worry, Rad. I'm fine. The police are investigating.
Oh, thank you for checking in.
I'm so glad you're alright. Why don't I take you to dinner tonight to help you feel relaxed?
Oh, Rad, that's so thoughtful.
Excuse me, come with her. Mr. Green, the terminal's big enough. I just need you to walk through us.
Sure is. I do what I want. Take talk. We've got a job to do Lucretia. Flight simulation's about to start.